Well, that was a lot of information, but we learned a lot.
I feel it was important to make sure you understood what a
CDN actually does and how it does it,
in addition to how CloudFront operates before we begin to
tear it apart in order to set up our own.
You now know there are general expectations of a CDN and
knowing this will help you understand why we are doing
something within the CloudFront service.
We learned that a CDN brings your end users closer to your content.
By having Edge locations, you reduce the roundtrip time for a request,
thereby, improving the end user experience.
This also improves costs, site reliability, and security.
We also learned how AWS has architected CloudFront to
improve response time and reduce costs.
You know there are elements in place to improve your security
stance and the stability of your application.
You've also set up your own AWS account and installed the CLI on your machine. Let's head over to the next module to create our first distribution.